[develop] Added an option for RRFS external model files used as ICS and LBCS (#1089)
ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app: doc/UsersGuide/Reference/Glossary.rst

      A central location in which files (e.g., data, code, documentation) are stored and managed. 

   RRFS

>       The `Rapid Refresh Forecast System <https://gsl.noaa.gov/focus-areas/unified_forecast_system/rrfs>`__ (RRFS) is NOAA's next-generation convection-allowing, rapidly-updated, ensemble-based data assimilation and forecasting system currently scheduled for operational implementation in 2024. It is designed to run forecasts on a 3-km :term:`CONUS` domain, see also `NOAA Rapid Refresh Forecast System (RRFS) <https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-rrfs/>`__. Experimental data for is currently available from the `AWS S3 NOAA-RRFS  <https://noaa-rrfs-pds.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html#rrfs_a/>`__ bucket starting 02/01/2024 for deteministic forecasts out to 60 hours at 00, 06, 12, and 18 UTC, and out to 18 hours for other cycles. Earlier dates, from 05/01/2023 to 01/31/2024, may contain only forecasts at 00, 06, 12, 18 UTC; user needs to verify that data exist for needed dates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The `Rapid Refresh Forecast System <https://gsl.noaa.gov/focus-areas/unified_forecast_system/rrfs>`__ (RRFS) is NOAA's next-generation convection-allowing, rapidly-updated, ensemble-based data assimilation and forecasting system currently scheduled for operational implementation in 2024. It is designed to run forecasts on a 3-km :term:`CONUS` domain. Experimental data for RRFS is currently available from the `RRFS  data bucket (rrfs_a data)<https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-rrfs/>`_ starting from 02/01/2024. It includes data for deterministic forecasts out to 60 hours at 00, 06, 12, and 18 UTC and out to 18 hours for other hourly cycles. Earlier dates, from 05/01/2023 to 01/31/2024, may contain only forecasts at 00, 06, 12, 18 UTC; users need to verify that data exist for needed dates.
```
It seems like all the dates include forecasts at 00, 06, 12, 18 UTC... I'm a little confused about the distinction here.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if I understand @gspetro-NOAA, but to me, it reads like the longer forecasts are available 4x per day at the synoptic time, while all the other forecasts are shorter (1-5Z, 7-11Z, 13-17Z, 19-23Z). The same thing happens for RAP and HRRR. All 3 of these systems run a forecast at every hour of the day instead of just 4x per day like the global systems and HAFS.

Author: @christinaholtNOAA @gspetro-NOAA - note that I've added "... for other **hourly** cycles..." to clarify the forecast times available.

>       The `Rapid Refresh Forecast System <https://gsl.noaa.gov/focus-areas/unified_forecast_system/rrfs>`__ (RRFS) is NOAA's next-generation convection-allowing, rapidly-updated, ensemble-based data assimilation and forecasting system currently scheduled for operational implementation in 2024. It is designed to run forecasts on a 3-km :term:`CONUS` domain, see also `NOAA Rapid Refresh Forecast System (RRFS) <https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-rrfs/>`__. Experimental data for is currently available from the `AWS S3 NOAA-RRFS  <https://noaa-rrfs-pds.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html#rrfs_a/>`__ bucket starting 02/01/2024 for deteministic forecasts out to 60 hours at 00, 06, 12, and 18 UTC, and out to 18 hours for other cycles. Earlier dates, from 05/01/2023 to 01/31/2024, may contain only forecasts at 00, 06, 12, 18 UTC; user needs to verify that data exist for needed dates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The `Rapid Refresh Forecast System <https://gsl.noaa.gov/focus-areas/unified_forecast_system/rrfs>`__ (RRFS) is NOAA's next-generation convection-allowing, rapidly-updated, ensemble-based data assimilation and forecasting system currently scheduled for operational implementation in 2024. It is designed to run forecasts on a 3-km :term:`CONUS` domain, see also `NOAA Rapid Refresh Forecast System (RRFS) <https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-rrfs/>`__. Experimental data is currently available from the `AWS S3 NOAA-RRFS  <https://noaa-rrfs-pds.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html#rrfs_a/>`__ bucket for deterministic forecasts out to 60 hours at 00, 06, 12, and 18 UTC. Additionally, hourly forecasts out to 18 hours may be available for more recent RRFS model runs; the user needs to verify that data exists for needed dates.
```

Author: @christinaholtNOAA @MichaelLueken - 
Please not the updates to the documentation above due to the changes in forecasts available in the RRFS bucket
